Turret Rival dart flywheel

2024.07.24 Wednesday
procastanting form building the robot dog.
I had an idea to build a nerf turret that can be controlled wirelessly/automated to track humans.I want to fire nerf rival rounds
I spent quite a while designing the flywheel cage to hold teh whleewhees. I initially started out a couple days earlier with a laser cut style version of this.
incidently i found a crunch labs build box for a dispencser that launhcs balls with a flywheels and seemd pretty cool. some design astehtics were based of off this int erns of angled magazine.

yesterday I did abandon the laser cut model because it was quite difficult to find room to mount the feeder weehls to control rate of fire. instead I designed a cage reminicint of normal nerf cages.
it does look like a shocked monkey with the magazein tube. 
I do plan on returning to the laser cut version at some point to just make it easier ot manufature, or at the least get my sister a fun toy to assebmly and play with. I'll probaly make it manuel for simpliicty.

Today i removed the magazine tube and replaced it iwth a twist in adapter to quick change magazines. in the future I want to use theis port to autofeed the system with a air+rotrary feeder for just a ton of ammo.

other updates on the proejcts:
- gotta order teh parts to come in for Buff the robot: nerf dog.

slowed down my access to manufactoring to prototype, I have to wait a couple weeks until Aug.16 till i get back on campus and another copule days for the invention studio to be up an drunning. 
my other option right now is to fix the 3d printer I have in my basement. I really gotta focus on the projects. I am really putting of coding of most kinds right now but eventually I have to address it. 




how I want to operate turret: 
initally with mouse inputs -> then get a picture overlay -> maybe use an arduino for this part? 
web socket video dispaly


the rapsbeery pi is absolute garabage at doing anything like pwn, it is very jittery. wheere as using the pCA9685 is much nicer but that does mean I need to hook up the voltage convertor. which is also why I am putting off Project:Buff



flywheel motors: 130s
rounds: 23mm diameter
feeder weheels: n20 motor